conduct.md, before:

# Conduct Guide for Software Engineering

## Categories of Conduct

### Overall Conduct

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Attendance

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Deadlines

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Communication

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Participation

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Decisions

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Postmortems

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Conflicts

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Infractions

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Level 1 Infraction -- point 1

- Students who get 1 point will be recorded by professor and warned orally.

#### Level 2 Infraction -- point 3

- Students who get 3 points in total will be required to have a meeting with professor or TLs to talk about their infractions.

#### Level 3 Infraction -- point 5

- Students who get 5 points in total or avoid to meet with professor will be punished by deducting grades on their current assignment.

Commit message:

Give up the point system

conduct.md, after:

# Conduct Guide for Software Engineering

## Categories of Conduct

### Overall Conduct

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Attendance

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Deadlines

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Communication

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Participation

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Decisions

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Postmortems

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Conflicts

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Acceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

#### Unacceptable Conduct

- TODO
- TODO
- TODO

### Infractions

TODO: Write an introductory paragraph.

#### Level 1 Infraction

- Students who commit violation once the will be recorded by professor and warned orally.

#### Level 2 Infraction

- Students who commit violation 3 times or more in total will be required to have a meeting with professor or TLs to talk about their infractions.

#### Level 3 Infraction

- Students who commit violation 5 times in total or avoid to meet with professor will be punished by deducting grades on their current assignment.
